README.md, before:

A boilterplate for creating backend API using FastAPI

uvicorn main:app --reload --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8080

## Development Requirements

- Python3.11.0
- Pip
- Poetry (Python Package Manager)

## Installation

```sh
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
make install
```

## Runnning Localhost

`make run`

## Deploy app

`make deploy`

## Running Tests

`make test`
or
`pytest`

## Access Swagger Documentation

> <http://localhost:8080/docs>

## Access Redocs Documentation

> <http://localhost:8080/redoc>

## Project structure

Files related to application are in the `app` or `tests` directories.
Application parts are:

    app
    |
    | # Fast-API stuff
    ├── api                 - web related stuff.
    │   └── routes          - web routes.
    ├── core                - application configuration, startup events, logging.
    ├── models              - pydantic models for this application.
    ├── services            - logic that is not just crud related.
    ├── main-aws-lambda.py  - [Optional] FastAPI application for AWS Lambda creation and configuration.
    └── main.py             - FastAPI application creation and configuration.
    |
    ├── data             - where you persist data locally
    │   ├── interim      - intermediate data that has been transformed.
    │   ├── processed    - the final, canonical data sets for modeling.
    │   └── raw          - the original, immutable data dump.
    │
    └── tests            - pytest

## GCP

Deploying inference service to Cloud Run

### Authenticate

1. Install `gcloud` cli
2. `gcloud auth login`
3. `gcloud config set project <PROJECT_ID>`

### Enable APIs

1. Cloud Run API
2. Cloud Build API
3. IAM API

### Deploy to Cloud Run

1. Run `gcp-deploy.sh`

### Clean up

1. Delete Cloud Run
2. Delete Docker image in GCR

## AWS

Deploying inference service to AWS Lambda

### Authenticate

1. Install `awscli` and `sam-cli`
2. `aws configure`

### Deploy to Lambda

1. Run `sam build`
2. Run `sam deploy --guiChange this portion for other types of models

## Add the correct type hinting when completed

`aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name <STACK_NAME_ON_CREATION>`

Notes:

INSERT INTO notes (text, completed) VALUES ('first' , TRUE);
INSERT INTO notes (text, completed) VALUES ('second' , TRUE);

docker exec test4-app-1 pytest

db_url = make_url(str(settings.db_url.with_path("/postgres")))
engine = create_async_engine(db_url, isolation_level="AUTOCOMMIT")

    async with engine.connect() as conn:
        database_existance = await conn.execute(
            text(
                f"SELECT 1 FROM pg_database WHERE datname='{settings.db_base}'",  # noqa: E501, S608
            ),
        )
        database_exists = database_existance.scalar() == 1

    if database_exists:
        print("Deleting DB")
        await drop_database()

    async with engine.connect() as conn:  # noqa: WPS440
        await conn.execute(
            text(
                f'CREATE DATABASE "{settings.db_base}" ENCODING "utf8" TEMPLATE template1',  # noqa: E501
            ),
        )

Commit message:

feat: fixed dev container, removed poetry dependency

README.md, after:

A boilterplate for creating backend API using FastAPI

to run, while in app directory

uvicorn main:app --reload --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8080

to test while in app directory

`python -m pytest`

## Access Swagger Documentation

> <http://localhost:8080/docs>

## Access Redocs Documentation

> <http://localhost:8080/redoc>

## Project structure

Files related to application are in the `app` or `tests` directories.
Application parts are:

    app
    |
    | # Fast-API stuff
    ├── api                 - web related stuff.
    │   └── routes          - web routes.
    ├── core                - application configuration, startup events, logging.
    ├── models              - pydantic models for this application.
    ├── services            - logic that is not just crud related.
    ├── main-aws-lambda.py  - [Optional] FastAPI application for AWS Lambda creation and configuration.
    └── main.py             - FastAPI application creation and configuration.
    |
    ├── data             - where you persist data locally
    │   ├── interim      - intermediate data that has been transformed.
    │   ├── processed    - the final, canonical data sets for modeling.
    │   └── raw          - the original, immutable data dump.
    │
    └── tests            - pytest

## GCP

Deploying inference service to Cloud Run

### Authenticate

1. Install `gcloud` cli
2. `gcloud auth login`
3. `gcloud config set project <PROJECT_ID>`

### Enable APIs

1. Cloud Run API
2. Cloud Build API
3. IAM API

### Deploy to Cloud Run

1. Run `gcp-deploy.sh`

### Clean up

1. Delete Cloud Run
2. Delete Docker image in GCR

## AWS

Deploying inference service to AWS Lambda

### Authenticate

1. Install `awscli` and `sam-cli`
2. `aws configure`

### Deploy to Lambda

1. Run `sam build`
2. Run `sam deploy --guiChange this portion for other types of models

## Add the correct type hinting when completed

`aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name <STACK_NAME_ON_CREATION>`

Notes:

INSERT INTO notes (text, completed) VALUES ('first' , TRUE);
INSERT INTO notes (text, completed) VALUES ('second' , TRUE);

docker exec test4-app-1 pytest

db_url = make_url(str(settings.db_url.with_path("/postgres")))
engine = create_async_engine(db_url, isolation_level="AUTOCOMMIT")

    async with engine.connect() as conn:
        database_existance = await conn.execute(
            text(
                f"SELECT 1 FROM pg_database WHERE datname='{settings.db_base}'",  # noqa: E501, S608
            ),
        )
        database_exists = database_existance.scalar() == 1

    if database_exists:
        print("Deleting DB")
        await drop_database()

    async with engine.connect() as conn:  # noqa: WPS440
        await conn.execute(
            text(
                f'CREATE DATABASE "{settings.db_base}" ENCODING "utf8" TEMPLATE template1',  # noqa: E501
            ),
        )
